#summary criando o projeto
#labels Phase-Design

= Introduction =

Criacao do esqueleto da aplicacao


= Details =

{{{
pedro@aldebaran:~/workspace$ pwd
/home/pedro/workspace
pedro@aldebaran:~/workspace$ mvn org.andromda.maven.plugins:andromdapp-maven-plugin:3.2:generate
[INFO] Scanning for projects...
[INFO] ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Building Maven Default Project
[INFO]    task-segment: [org.andromda.maven.plugins:andromdapp-maven-plugin:3.2:generate] (aggregator-style)
[INFO] ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] [andromdapp:generate]
log4j:WARN No appenders could be found for logger (org.apache.commons.digester.Digester).
log4j:WARN Please initialize the log4j system properly.
INFO  [AndroMDA] discovered andromdapp type --> 'richclient'
INFO  [AndroMDA] discovered andromdapp type --> 'j2ee'

Please choose the type of application to generate [richclient, j2ee]
j2ee

Please enter the location in which your new application will be created (i.e. f:/java/development): 
/home/pedro/workspace

Please enter your first and last name (i.e. Chad Brandon): 
Pedro Costa

Which kind of modeling tool will you use? [uml1.4, uml2, emf-uml2]: 
uml2

Please enter the name of your J2EE project (i.e. Animal Quiz): 
Sistema de Ouvidoria

Please enter an id for your J2EE project (i.e. animalquiz): 
ouvidoria

Please enter a version for your project (i.e. 1.0-SNAPSHOT): 
1.0-SNAPSHOT

Please enter the root package name for your J2EE project (i.e. org.andromda.samples.animalquiz): 
com.googlecode.ouvidoria

Would you like an EAR or standalone WAR? [ear, war]: 
ear

Please enter the type of transactional/persistence cartridge to use [hibernate, ejb, ejb3, spring, none]: 
spring

Please enter the database backend for the persistence layer [hypersonic, mysql, oracle, db2, informix, mssql, pointbase, postgres, sybase, sabdb, progress, derby]: 
postgres

Will your project need workflow engine capabilities? (it uses jBPM and Hibernate3)? [yes, no]: 
no

Please enter the hibernate version number (enter '2' for 2.x or '3' for 3.x) [2, 3]: 
3

Will your project have a web user interface? [yes, no]: 
yes

Would you like your web user interface to use JSF or Struts? [jsf, struts]: 
struts

Would you like to be able to expose your services as web services? [yes, no]: 
no

'/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria' already exists, would you like to try a new name? [yes, no]: 
no
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    G e n e r a t i n g   A n d r o M D A   P o w e r e d   A p p l i c a t i o n
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/app/src/main/application/META-INF/jboss-app.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/app/src/main/config/ouvidoria-ds.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/app/pom.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/core/target/classes/META-INF/ejb-jar.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/core/pom.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/pom.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/readme.txt'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/common/pom.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/mda/src/main/config/mappings/WebMergeMappings.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/mda/src/main/config/andromda.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/mda/src/main/uml/ouvidoria.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/mda/pom.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/web/src/main/properties/messages.properties'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/web/pom.xml'
    Output: 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/web/target/ouvidoria-web-1.0-SNAPSHOT/WEB-INF/web.xml'
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    New application generated to --> 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/'
    Instructions for your new application --> 'file:/home/pedro/workspace/ouvidoria/readme.txt'
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] BUILD SUCCESSFUL
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Total time: 1 minute 57 seconds
[INFO] Finished at: Thu Apr 03 23:27:31 BRT 2008
[INFO] Final Memory: 14M/45M
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
pedro@aldebaran:~/workspace$ 
}}}